Ark hardware updates (#7291)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-ark-dist-sr.rst

.. _common-ark-dist-sr:

============
ARK DIST SR

> ============

Reviewer: overline/underline too long

[copywiki destination="copter,plane,rover,sub"]

> The `ARK DIST SR <https://arkelectron.com/product/ark-dist-sr/>`__ ARK DIST SR is a low range, open source, DroneCAN, distance sensor. It has an approximate range of between 8cm to 30m.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ARK DIST SR <https://arkelectron.com/product/ark-dist-sr/>`__ ARK DIST SR is a low range, open source, DroneCAN  rangefinder. It has an approximate range of between 8cm to 30m.
```

    - Works well on all surface conditions
    - Transmitter beam of 2° x 2° to illuminate between 1 and 3 pixels
    - Reference Pixel for system health monitoring
  
-  **Connections**

   - Two Pixhawk Standard CAN Connectors
   
    - 4 Pin JST GH
   
   - Pixhawk Standard Debug Connector
    
    - 6 Pin JST SH

   - Pixhawk Standard UART Connector
    
    - 6 Pin JST SH
 
-  **Power Requirements**

   -  5V

    - 84mA Average
    - 86mA Max

-  **Other**

   - USA Built
   - FCC Compliant
   - 4 Pin Pixhawk Standard CAN Cable
   - LED Indicators
   - `ROS2 Support <https://github.com/ARK-Electronics/ros2_dronecan>`__

Where to Buy
------------

The sensor is available from `ARK Electronics <https://arkelectron.com/product/ark-dist-sr/>`__.

Connection to Autopilot
-----------------------

- The ARK DIST SR is connected to the CAN bus using a Pixhawk standard 4 pin JST GH cable.
- Multiple sensors can be connected by plugging additional sensors into the ARK DIST SR's second CAN connector.

Connection to Autopilot CAN:

- Set :ref:`RNGFND1_TYPE <RNGFND1_TYPE>` = 24 (DroneCAN)
- Set :ref:`RNGFND1_MAX <RNGFND1_MAX>` = 30 to set range finder's maximum range to 30m

> Connection to Autopilot with UART/MAVLink:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connection to Autopilot with UART/MAVLink(SERIAL1 is shown as an example):
```
